Tell wait. What do you want? What are you going? I'm going back to New York. No
Can't you just give me one minute this Emma thing is too much Blake Hunter is more hassle than he's all right
But just one minute. I
Knew you would like it down here. I mean it's beautiful from the balcony down here
Something special right
Shouldn't you be at home with Emma and your child? She's gone. What she's not praying that she lied to us
What do you mean? Let's not talk about her that I'm sorry. I hurt you
You know, you're gonna have to do something more than just say sorry feels up to me
How do you the rest of my life making it up to you? I feel like you're
Build up titanium walls or something protecting yourself
Blake
My walls are there for a reason. I'm damaged. I'm scared little girl. It's been a decade alone. I'm damaged too
Maybe that's why it works. So
Can we try again?
What's that?
Instead of right in humans
Try to learn how to trust it to work with you drive a hard bargain. Is there a yes? I'll think about it